Update keycloak.mdx (#11066)
nextauthjs/next-auth: docs/pages/getting-started/providers/keycloak.mdx

  </Code.Express>
</Code>

> Create an `openid-connect` client in Keycloak with "confidential" as the "Access Type". 
> 
> In Keycloak version 20 and later, enable the "Client Authentication" option to retrieve your client secret in the Credentials tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable the "Client Authentication" option to retrieve your client secret in the Credentials tab.

Prior to v20, create an `openid-connect` client in Keycloak with "confidential" as the "Access Type". 
```

Let's flip this, as nowadays v24 is out.
